[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I decided to
film a very short study with me I filmed
this on a snow day that I had but I
didn't actually film for the whole day
I only filmed excerpts of it but I still
thought that I would put it together and
upload it because perhaps someone will
find some study motivation from this so
one of the snow day piece of work I had
to do was to write up some notes on dead
man's tongue by Isaac Rosenberg this
poem is incredible if you haven't
already read it I definitely recommend
that you go and have a look so I just
went through a printed copy of the poem
and highlighted and annotated it so that
I could then use this to write up the
actual notes so I chose some key lines
some key moments and then just wrote
some points so that I would have some
things to talk about in an essay
[Music]
and then next I decided to do some brief
context research both in terms of
biography and general context which
related to the poem and I just added
this into my notes so next I decided to
move on to doing some critical research
so I found a few books on Google Books
which targets poetry which is written on
the front line so I just went through
this and searched for Deadman's dump in
the search bar so that I can actually
find specific references to that poem
and then I just added the most important
ones the ones that I could perhaps
debate in an essay into my notes so then
this is quite a lot later as I said I
was quite inconsistent with filming but
I went through and finished reading a
long runway for the second time but this
time making notes so I just read through
and highlighted key moments but unlike
with the poem I didn't write up my main
notes for this today
[Music]
and then here I was writing up some
notes from my RS textbook which it was
again snow day work which was set so I'm
sorry for how short this video was but I
hope that you enjoyed it and have a
productive week
[Music]